c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\bin\Debug\LibraryBook.exe.config
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\bin\Debug\LibraryBook.exe
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\bin\Debug\LibraryBook.pdb
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\LibraryBook.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\LibraryBook_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\LibraryBook.g.resources
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\LibraryBook.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\LibraryBook.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\LibraryBook.exe
c:\users\паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\LibraryBook.pdb
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\LibraryBook_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\AddBook.baml
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\AddMagazine.baml
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\BookOrMagazine.baml
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\AddBook.g.cs
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\AddMagazine.g.cs
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\BookOrMagazine.g.cs
C:\Users\Паша\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LibraryBook\LibraryBook\obj\Debug\LibraryBook_Content.g.cs
